All right welcome back to sort of the last lecture I told you that we were going to test this out to
see if it's working I'm pretty sure it is working.
But I wanted to just test it out a little bit for you guys.
And also I did something here that you guys were watching and I just wanted I wanted you to be aware
of I just add a little feature is not much.
I'm going to log in and let's see if it lets me log in with this one here.
All right cool.
So then what I did is I added this feature to our admin area.
Now if these users the admin is not going to log in but since this admin is going to log in.
All right.
So if I go to my database real quick and my database information might be different from yours choose
me.
We can see that user Edwyn is a admin.
So that's why he's able to log in if we change him to number two.
And that's how he was before I just changed it myself without looking at it.
Of course if I refresh here it will log me now.
It would not allow me to get into that section.
It would not log me out but it would not allow me to go to admin right.
So we know he's working.
Let's go and change that again.
Cool.
All right let's go back to our men and let me show you the change that I that I did and I'm going to
leave that to you but I already did that.
I added this little I added the name here of the user logged in.
You guys should know how to do that.
I'm not even going to tell you or even give you a hint.
Well I'm going to give you a little hint right.
I'm not going to be that bad.
If you go to the logon page to the home page you can see that we have it right here.
All you have to do is put this code wherever it is into the admin section and remember that this is
being pulled by a Master Page guys.
Gosh I almost told you how to do it.
I didn't want to do that.
I just couldn't hold my tongue.
All right.
So all right so what is the next step for us to do here.
Let me actually tell you we are able to create users.
Pretty cool stuff.
Ray we are able to enter as a matter of fact let's just try it out.
Real quick guys let's call.
Let's actually make Rico and I already have an e-mail for Rico fleshes do.
I don't know coding faculty.
I got to get used to my own web site name.
You know let's give it a roll link.
Rick one administrator is always an administrator everywhere.
Right guys.
All right so let's make recal a very attractive guy.
Right.
There is no attractive people here.
Guys there's no truck.
The guys Rico should be this guy right here.
He's very attractive.
All right.
Let's go we create a recall.
As you can see we go now will we have a lot of guys with the same picture right.
Oh yes.
Or let these guys really famous or people like him.
You know we got repeat images here.
So we have to delete them.
So that is going to be the next letter.
Right.
As a matter of fact let's actually do it here.
Super simple as.
Let's do it right now.
All right.
Let's go to the Owlman.
I mean use this controller and we have the destroy method right here.
Really cool stuff.
All right.
But before we do that let's actually create the form that is going to do this right.
We can't put a functionality right here on this site to delete it.
All we can do a multiple one a multiple one is actually the one that is going to require a couple of
more lectures.
Right so we're not going to get into town till we finish.
A lot of stuff in our in our application.
Maybe we'll get into that in the next couple lectures.
Who knows right.
Who knows.
But I'm just letting you know I know it's going to take a couple of lectures.
Is it going to take javascript for us to do that.
But right now if we wanted to lead a user let's go here let's add a button right here to delete it.
All right.
So let's go to resources and then go to Edit
users edit.
All right.
So we've got a form right here and we got to create a forum with the lead method.
I know I know that sounds weird but that's just the way it is.
All right so that's the one there.
As a matter of fact I'm going to make it so it is in the same form.
Let's see how that goes.
Created in the same space.
So give us a forum open.
That's how I have it in my other I we go up and form.
I don't have the here nor here.
I think it is form.
There we go.
So we have a forum here.
We are now make sure that the Met is delete.
And here is destroy
OK and we we're going to admin users controller
and we don't mean this stuff
delete
user.
OK let's make sure that this is danger.
All right.
OK.
Minimize this a little bit.
Well not minimize it but bring it down a little bit less refresh here.
And of course we're missing a parameter because we are using the stroy.
As you can see that you or I is has an ID so we need that here to work.
So let's close this ng a.
It's not just take it with a user ID.
All right there we go
.
Come on enter.
There we go.
All right.
That's cool.
And let's make sure that we get something out of it right.
And that it is working.
So let's go to our users and this story right here let's return the strongly.
There we go.
Why it's working.
Morais So let's find the user.
As a matter of fact we don't need to do anything as set any variables.
We can say use or find or fail.
We're going to find the user with that I.D. and we're going to say I want you to delete this guy and
will you delete him.
I want you to redirect that there right there.
Redirect to admin
users.
Oh right.
Well one of the lead is one or I or Rico I mean actually we need to really one of these guys are literally
recoil.
No I don't want the leak or no.
It's the lead on the lead.
All right it's deleted but we forgot to return.
If we go back you can see that John is not there anymore but need these needs to be returned.
All right.
All right do we have another other guy here let's give you another picture guys.
Poor guy.
Of course images there's a recall.
I think this guy looks like a recall Swaby right here.
All right cool.
That's ok I guess.
All right.
Right.
Why don't we actually do something about this by an array.
What can we do.
We can actually pull this to the right and make it look ok.
I guess if we do something like I don't know let's create a class here.
Let's go back here.
Let's see if we can actually create a class.
Actually we could if we wanted to create a class.
Yeah right here is fine and we'll say class
pool right.
All right.
Let's see ups.
Nope nope nope nope that's not.
We don't need to do that actually.
We don't need to create another array.
We could do that.
And as you can see right here what we need to come up with a way to actually make it so is here right
now we try to inspect the real quick.
We can see that the reason why it doesn't let it go up is because it takes this one takes the whole
space.
So we need to make down smaller somehow.
All right.
So
I don't know let's.
And we should actually take another lecture to do this right guys.
We are taking from the their own lecture to do this.
That's ok we can do it.
All right.
So this made here we can maybe give it another class of let's see call small sets.
Let's try this.
We're going to play around with it with a Basrah classes.
I see how we can.
As you can see now it works.
Right now we can do this and that would make a really really cool to make two balloons like that.
Let's actually create another class here to we sit as well.
That's pretty cool.
Let's do that refresh.
Oh there you go.
All right let's leave it like I think it is pretty cool if you want to make it smaller.
You can.
I just got a little idea.
I think it looks pretty cool.
All right cool.
So I think we were good here guys.
Thank you so much for watching and we'll see you in the next lecture